Dear Author(s)
Loc Nguyen, 
Thank you for your paper submission. We hereby confirm that we have safely received the manuscript entitled 'New version of CAT algorithm by maximum likelihood estimation'. The ID code for your paper is ' AHfhn ' which should be kept safe for further contacts with the journal. 
We expect your paper to be sent for reviewers in a day or two after rapid review by the journal editorial. We will hopefully be back to you with the final result and the reviewers` comments on your paper within 10 days. 
Please check both your inbox and spam e-mail folder each time to ensure you receive the journal emails on time.

Regards
SYLWAN Editorial

-------------------------------------------
Dear Author(s)
Loc Nguyen, 

This is my pleasure to inform you that the paper entitled 'New version of CAT algorithm by maximum likelihood estimation' qualifies for publication in SYLWAN journal based upon the reviewers` positive comments on this paper.

1.	To complete the publication process, please check the reviewers' comments in attachment and revise your paper based upon the comments if needed. Also check your paper layout to be in accord with the journal guidelines once more.
Please make your final version pdf considering 3.25cm margins from the bottom and the top of all pages. Remember not to use blank or white boxes to make the margins. It should be set from the page layout option in your word doc file. 

2.	You are also required to pay the publication fee of your paper which is (440 USD). 
Please note that you have 3 working days to pay the required fee.
Click on the URL below to pay the fee (remember your transaction ID number): 
PAYMENT URL (440 USD): http://scienceborders.com/440usd.html

3.	When both your payment ID and the final version pdf of your paper are ready, please go to the URL below to enter and upload the information. 
Here is your username and password to login:
Username: ICOMnG 
Password: OPAeh1 
UPLOAD URL: http://www.sylwan.ibles.org/artykul.html 

You`ll receive the formal acceptance letter soon afterwards and the paper will be sent to the publishing department to include your paper in our current issue. 
Note: please find the reviewers' comments in attachment

Regards
Dr. B. N. BUSZEWSKI
Editor in Chief, SYLWAN Journal, 
UL BITWY WARSZAWSKIEJ 1920 R NR 3, WARSZAWA, POLAND

-------------------------------------------
Thank you
We have received the final version successfully. 

Title:	New version of CAT algorithm by maximum likelihood estimation
Paper ID	AHfhn
Author(s):	Loc Nguyen
Amount	440
Name and Family	NGUYEN PHUOC LOC
Payment Date	April 5, 2016
Transaction ID or number	TR1459828157265


The journal editorial office, has received your documents and will proceed your article to be published in the journal comming issue.
You will also receive a formal acceptance letter in a few days.

Regards
Sylwan Editorial